# Python Assignment 2
Advance programming in python

1. Write a Python program to create a class named Student with attributes name, age and
grade. Implement a method to display the student’s information in a formatted string.

2. Write a Python program to create a class named Animal with an abstract method named
sound. Implement subclasses for different animals, such as Dog, Cat, and Cow, and
override the sound method for each subclass.

3. Write a Python program to create a class named Rectangle with attributes length and
width. Implement methods to calculate the area and perimeter of the rectangle. Also,
implement a method to compare two rectangles based on their area.

4. Write a Python program to create a class named BankAccount with attributes owner and
balance. Implement methods to deposit, withdraw, and check the balance of the account.
Also, implement a method to transfer money from one account to another.

5. Write a Python program to create a class named Employee with attributes name, id, and
salary. Implement methods to get and set the salary of the employee. Also, implement a
class method to calculate the average salary of all employees.

6. Write a Python program to create a class named Car with attributes model, color and
price. Implement methods to start, stop, and accelerate the car. Also, implement a static
method to count the number of cars created.

7. Write a Python program to create a class named Book with attributes title, author and
price. Implement methods to display the book’s information and apply a discount on the
price. Also, implement a subclass named EBook with an additional attribute format.
Override the display method for the EBook subclass.

8. Write a Python program to create a class named Person with attributes name, age and
gender. Implement methods to greet and introduce the person. Also, implement multiple
inheritance by creating two subclasses named Student and Teacher that inherit from
Person and have additional attributes like course and subject respectively.

9. Write a Python program to create a class named Calculator with methods for basic
arithmetic operations like add, subtract, multiply, and divide. Also, implement operator
overloading by defining special methods like add, sub, mul and truediv for the
Calculator class.

10. Write a Python program to create a class named Stack with methods for pushing and
popping elements from the stack. Also, implement an iterator for the Stack class that
returns the elements in LIFO (last in first out) order.
